# HireAndFind
Providing jobless people, a facility to find jobs of their interest and feasibility. We are fetching these results via scrapping the web, our crawlers will go on the specific websites and will take out the necessary information regarding a job, and these jobs will be displayed in front of those users who live near to the region (we have divided the regions city wise, at the start website will ask the user for location access and will show the job accordingly, user also have option of choosing the job location manually, and our smart scrappers will scrap according to the region) of the posted job. We are also providing companies a platform where they can post jobs and hire the right people all in under one platform. Usually when a Job Recruiter or people are looking for job or candidates respectively, a lot of their time gets consumed in finding the right jobs or person available, by our proposed system, after the collection of one’s data he will only get what’s relevant! Save time, hire fast! The purpose we are trying to achieve with this project is to empower people by providing them a platform where they can search jobs in the desired location, categories, skill set, interest and more. We are removing the hassle where people were searching for the jobs but they could not find those jobs, which fall in their interest. We are doing that by scrapping various jobs available on the internet. Another section of our specified project handles the issue of the companies, we are going to find the right skilled people for the job they have posted. Our system is unique in a way that we are not only providing our users a feature to just search for a job moreover we allow them to register as a company or a candidate. We are allowing candidates to find a job and the Companies to post the jobs. However, our smart system will automatically gather those interests and will rollover several jobs for the candidates by crawling specific websites, and for the companies these CV’s are public so it’s more like they can scroll through their CV’s and can contact them through their email. We have a big vision, in our project we are adding a scholarship opportunity for the students based in Pakistan, we are finding them skilled and experienced professors for their further education in foreign countries. Other than that, our additional features are available for the candidates through which they can discuss their issues.

Access our website : https://hireandfind.herokuapp.com/
